hello everyone with you panda and theme
today's tutorial will be a gun cannon
from minecraft 1 5 well let me
let's see so here I activate as we
see we shoots center to
Sorry now is not so far away
click on the button again to see where
frequency
now should not give a little away
actually here's such a good gun in
what's her plus and and do not need
recharge that is necessary but not so
often creates 3 3 1 on the button I press and
and even if henna with speeding it is calculated
on the same amount of his salary
occitan around nine become an example
such is not the equivalent we created let's
build and
how could some have guessed here
already connected all the same opportunities 15 so
well, so take about these
nice cool stuff and for example
sail such money is better all three hundred
so you still need a bucket of water so what
let's get down to building
set for the beginning of the so-called not very
I know what is called the barrel barrel that Volga
probably this word is called
the trunk in such a way and here is too much
this here is the demolition of black managed so
Instead, we put distributors and such
here's the way here so here we set
a button above the water source block on
him a button here and pave
redstone this one is right on the distributor
just press shift and go to sell
Komi on them right click and
so what we do further is further here
We put a piece of parting, too, because
between and I have here in a different way
here is not in front of the button stalin piece
ration he should get used to us
buttons and then we put a repeater here
You can put any tightening and then
except for 3 nights will work well well
in fact, and so here's the track
From Rostov but this little bit
Start field where he and so no matter how
handrails and distributors directed to
here it would be up to rock and aside
to this glad
further this distributor we need to power
and so we put just here a repeater with
maximum delay
everything is completely brushing like that
way and here it is here better
maximum well let's try
this little thing
so here everywhere we lay on day 16 is
it was enough so and so so so
so and so and here you can still close
but it can not of course we can say
two blocks we leave so here
close like this
decorate here in this way like this
I think that's cool how but here you need so
here's a bit of money closed and that's it
let's check out what we press on
button wait for it to lean on dark
shoots pretty small of course
I can over it and because there is sandy
area so set but on the ordinary world he
will be pretty good level
worn on the body yes of course it is
it will be difficult to build something very
a lot here beat you need for powering
here is this thing count for one
shot here u uses how much
change time two three 4 5 six 7 plus
8 8 blocks of dynamite itself is not 4040
know how 40 bad I need how much
will this guitar too
just a lot but if of course you have
sword on looting rey something of being that
it is certainly easier but nonetheless
difficult as well it can be even further
improve there up become distributors of the world
Thus, I have shown a
pretty simple model but on this one
today everyone thanks for watching
leave your comments and ratings not
forget to subscribe to the channel all
good luck everyone bye